Clarify top-level input connector (#3870)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/classes.tex

  This includes the proper count for \lstinline!when!-clauses (see \cref{when-equations}), and algorithms (see \cref{algorithm-sections}), and is also used for the flat Hybrid DAE formulation (see \cref{modelica-dae-representation}).
  \end{nonnormative}
\item

>   The number of input and flow variables present in each (top-level) public connector component (this includes top-level public input connectors).

Reviewer: This reads nicer to me:

```suggestion
  The number of input and flow variables present in each (top-level) public connector component (including top-level public input connectors).
```
